adds basic cypress test (#2350)
bakdata/conquery: frontend/README.md

This is documented in [the mock-API](https://github.com/bakdata/conquery/blob/develop/frontend/mock-api/index.js).

> **Code Formating**  [![code style: prettier](https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-prettier-ff69b4.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/prettier/prettier)
> 
> The frontend JavaScript/TypeScript code is formatted using `prettier`.
> It can be invoked on the command line through `yarn`:
> ```
> yarn prettier --write /path/to/file
> ```
> or convieniently through a plugin in VS Code (see https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=esbenp.prettier-vscode).
> 

Reviewer: ````suggestion
**Code formatting**  [![code style: prettier](https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-prettier-ff69b4.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/prettier/prettier)

The frontend TypeScript code is formatted using `prettier`.

We recommend you configure your editor to auto-format on save. If you're using VS-Code, for example, there's a plugin: [Prettier – Code formatter](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=esbenp.prettier-vscode).

You could also invoke prettier on the command line:
```
yarn prettier --write /path/to/file
```

````
